Release 11.2.3 (#20570)
gravitational/teleport: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 11.2.3

This release of Teleport contains multiple improvements and bug fixes.

> * Fixed issue with `tsh login` defaulting to passwordless ignoring `--auth` and `--mfa-mode` flags. [#20474](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20474)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue with `tsh login` defaulting to passwordless and ignoring the `--auth` and `--mfa-mode` flags. [#20474](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20474)
```

* Fixed regression issue with AWS console access via `tsh aws`. [#20437](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20437)

> * Fixed issue connecting to MariaDB in non TLS routing mode. [#20409](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20409)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue connecting to MariaDB in non-TLS Routing mode. [#20409](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20409)
```

> * Fixed `*:*` selector in EC2 auto discovery. [#20390](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20390)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the `*:*` selector in EC2 auto-discovery. [#20390](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20390)
```

> * Improved handling of unknown events in events search API. [#20329](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20329)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved handling of unknown events in the events search API. [#20329](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20329)
```

* Added support for multiple transformations in role templates. [#20296](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20296)

> * Added ability to update of trusted cluster role map without recreating it. [#20286](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20286)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the ability to update a Trusted Cluster's role mappings without recreating the cluster. [#20286](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20286)
```

> * Added `dnsConfig` support to `teleport-kube-agent` Helm chart. [#20107](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20107)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `dnsConfig` support to the `teleport-kube-agent` Helm chart. [#20107](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/20107)
```
